docs: Add more details on how URLs are verified (#16539)
pypi/warehouse: docs/user/project_metadata.md

    PyPI package owner, and does not imply any additional safety about that
    URL or any other relationship to the project in question.

The following subsections specify the different types of URLs that can be verified.

#### Self-links

> Any URL to the project on PyPI will be considered verified. For example, the project page for `pip` will mark all of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PyPI considers any project URL pointing on PyPI as verified. For example, the project page for `pip` will mark all of the
```

Author: I think this changes the meaning. Saying "PyPI considers any project URL pointing ~on~ to PyPI as verified` is too broad ("pointing to PyPI" is too generic)

 Maybe we could say "PyPI considers any project URL pointing to that project's PyPI page as verified" ?

Reviewer 2: I think this is OK as is.

Reviewer 3: > Maybe we could say "PyPI considers any project URL pointing to that project's PyPI page as verified" ?

That sounds good to me!

> Any URL to the project on PyPI will be considered verified. For example, the project page for `pip` will mark all of the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
PyPI considers any URL pointing to that project on PyPI as verified.
For example, the project page for `pip` will mark all of the
```

following as verified:

> - https://pypi.org/project/pip/
> - https://pypi.org/p/pip/
> - https://pypi.python.org/project/pip
> - https://pypi.python.org/p/pip
> - https://python.org/pypi/pip

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `https://pypi.org/project/pip/`
- `https://pypi.org/p/pip/`
- `https://pypi.python.org/project/pip`
- `https://pypi.python.org/p/pip`
- `https://python.org/pypi/pip`
```

#### Via Trusted Publishing

[Trusted Publishing](trusted-publishers/index.md) allows PyPI to attest that the 
publishing workflow for a package is coming from a verified source.

The URLs that can be verified depend on the Trusted Publisher used:

- [GitHub Actions][gh-action-tab]: Packages uploaded using GHA from a repository will have the GitHub URLs for that
  repository verified. For example, for the `pypa/pip` repository, the following URLs will be verified:
    - https://github.com/pypa/pip
    - https://github.com/pypa/pip/* (all subpaths)
    - https://github.com/pypa/pip.git
    - https://pypa.github.io/pip

>     - https://pypa.github.io/pip/* (all subpaths)

Reviewer 3: Minor thing, but consider putting these (and below) in backticks -- IMO having them formatted as code better clarifies that we're not telling people to click on them.

>     - https://github.com/pypa/pip
>     - https://github.com/pypa/pip/* (all subpaths)
>     - https://github.com/pypa/pip.git
>     - https://pypa.github.io/pip
>     - https://pypa.github.io/pip/* (all subpaths)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - `https://github.com/pypa/pip`
    - `https://github.com/pypa/pip/*` (all subpaths)
    - `https://github.com/pypa/pip.git`
    - `https://pypa.github.io/pip`
    - `https://pypa.github.io/pip/*` (all subpaths)
```

- [GitLab CI/CD][gitlab-tab]: Packages uploaded using GitLab CI/CD from a repository will have the GitLab URLs for that
  repository verified. For example, for the `pypa/pip` repository, the following URLs will be verified:

>     - https://gitlab.com/pypa/pip
>     - https://gitlab.com/pypa/pip/* (all subpaths)
>     - https://gitlab.com/pypa/pip.git

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - `https://gitlab.com/pypa/pip`
    - `https://gitlab.com/pypa/pip/*` (all subpaths)
    - `https://gitlab.com/pypa/pip.git`
```

- [Google Cloud][gc-tab]: No Google-specific URLs are currently verified.

> - [ActiveState][active-tab]: Packages uploaded using ActiveState will have URLs linking to the project in ActiveState 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ActiveState][active-tab]: Packages uploaded using ActiveState will have URLs linked to the project in ActiveState 
```

Reviewer: NITPICK: Is there any reason not to reuse the `pypi/pip` example for ActiveState?

Author: nope, fixed!

Author: For the first suggestion, I'm not sure if "having URLs linked to" is better than "having URLs linking to". I'll leave the question open for the native English speakers

Reviewer 3: I think both are idiomatic, but "linked" is probably what I would have written. I'll accept this suggestion 🙂

  verified:

>     - https://platform.activestate.com/pypa/pip
>     - https://platform.activestate.com/pypa/pip/* (all subpaths)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - `https://platform.activestate.com/pypa/pip`
    - `https://platform.activestate.com/pypa/pip/*` (all subpaths)
```
